please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Head say out loud . Great Town we're open it on the wound , claiming the counter here . Oh I gotta clean the counter clean the counter . You will use the clean surface when you change your dressing . It is important that the surface is clean to keep your wound from getting dirty the trash can is built into the counter the problem . The yes wash your hands with soap and water , wash my hands with soap and water . Uh huh . Mhm . Plays the bag of supplies on the clean counter legs on the counter , remove the gauze covering your fake wound , drugs covering , removed , place the goes in the trash can located next to the sink , deposit babe , gently wash the fake wound with soap and water , wash your wound gently with soap and water worsted soap and water . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue pat the wound dry with a new gauze pad wound dried . Uh huh . We're almost done . Cut the tail finance stick dressing . Mm I don't I don't understand . Cut the tail fin , non stick dressing . Cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound , yep in front . Mm . Yeah . Got it . See what you're doing now . Right , cutting the path . Yeah , wow . Mm . Okay , pads . Cut open the Vaseline . Yeah , spread a quarter inch layer . Please use the supplied q tips . Do not use your finger Using two Q tips . Spread a thick layer of Vaseline onto the wound . Yeah , let's see what you're doing . Great to sip . We're on the wound . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing , insecure the dressing with tape . Use as many strips of tape as you need to secure the dressing . But in the tape could securing it to the wound complete . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash You can place them in the trash can located next to the sink . All of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation . Yes , you can take her job . You got an A . Class plus plus plus . Where is the money ? I know . Where is the reward ? Where's the car ? I just one . Okay . Yeah , because Yeah , well , they probably do it actually wound up there . Yeah . Back . 