please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter and then just talk out loud so you can say I'm spraying and wiping down the counter . I'm spraying and wiping down the counter after your hands with soap and water . I'm washing my hands with soap and water . Mhm . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter , placing bag on the counter , remove the gauze cover in your fake wound . Don't understand right here right now . Mhm . Okay . So you'll take the white bandage off of your fake wound . Is what ? Yeah I don't like tape . Yeah . Uh huh . I'm taking the tape off actually , the gauze is with it . Okay . Yeah that's no problem . Changli wash the fake wound with soap and water . Oh yeah you can pitch that in there . Okay . And that Washington . I'm washing my wound with soap and water . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue remove the new gauze pad and the tell . Finn non stick dressing from the supply bag . Yeah . Mhm . Yeah . Yeah I removed it from the bag . Pack the wound dry with a new gauze pad . Don't understand you . Yeah . Yeah . Okay . Pack the wound dry with a new gauze pad . I don't understand what's insane . So you washed it so still wet . I want you to pen and drive with what my God had how they dry girl . Uh huh . Okay . Cut the tail finance stick dressing . Okay . Oh removed the tell fag path from the bag opening now . Yeah . Okay I removed that . Cut the tail finance stick dressing . Yeah . Did you say covet ? Cut the tail fin non stick dressing and you can now ask how big do I got it ? How big do I cut it ? Cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound . Yeah . Okay I'm cutting now , careful . Don't get your finger a big pair of scissors . Yeah . Okay I got it cut . Okay . Open the Vaseline . I'm opening the Vaseline using two Q tips spread a thickly or a Vaseline onto the wound , putting gasoline on the wound , Cover the wound with the non stick dressing and secure the dressing with tape . Mhm . What ? This piece is too big . I'm going to cut it . Yeah . Mhm . Placing on the wound , putting tape over the Gods . We're done that . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash . I didn't use the Vaseline . That's okay . So yeah so now that you said you covered the wound you can take your yeah you can take that , yep . And so it'll please throw away the supply bag in any trash but the trash in there and then pitch it in the trash . I didn't use these Q tips . What do you do with those ? You can help you if you want to . Well is that what you put this stuff up fast ? That might be better than two I is she here and whoever ? Yes . Yes I shouldn't be talking . No you're fine . No yep . You can talk out loud . Absolutely no problem . So they when they have to put the Vaseline on they have yeah um Put the Q tip in the baseline packing and get some Vaseline then that's kind of how they have . You do it . All right . All of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation . 