please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Okay , grabbing a paper towel , freeing down the counter with some kind of disaffected . Yeah , wiping it out , throwing it away . Block your hands with soap and water right now , Turning on the hot water , Yeah , getting some self washing my hands , turning off the hot water , grabbing a paper towel , drying my hands . Yeah , throw it away . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . I'm taking my bag of supplies , putting them where I just cleaned on the counter and opening up the bag , remove the gauze cover in your fake wound . Okay , gently going to remove the gods from my wound . Being careful not to touch it . Should I throw out my gas place the goes in the trash can located next to the sink ? .2 . Oh my God . In the garbage , gently wash the fake wound with soap and water right now . I want to get some soap . Turn on the hot water , get my hands Sophie rub the wound . How would you like me to rinse that off ? Just rinse it off with water . Okay , I'm going to rinse it off with water so unanswerable . And then you'll have to type that that in . Right . Am I using a paper towel to dry it ? Um You will be using a gauze . Okay , use the guards to dry in the next step . Okay , great . Note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue remove the new gauze pad and the tell Finn non stick dressing from the supply bag . Okay , I'm removing the guards from the bag . Pack the wound dry what they knew God's pad . Okay , I am opening bag . How big should I make the God cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound . Okay , so right now I'm taking the scissors , cutting the gas to the size of the world . I'm going to right open it , put it out , cut the tail fin non stick dressing . Okay , so you would just cut as is Okay , um yeah , open the Vaseline . I am reaching in the bag , grabbing a little pack of Vaseline and I am opening it Using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Vaseline onto the wound . Okay , I'm going to use a thick layer to cover the world . Okay , just put a thick layer of Vaseline on the wound . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing and secure the dressing with tape . Okay , throwing out my guys stick , putting my gas on my wound and using the tape to tape it down . Yeah . Uh huh . That's it . Yes , they are . Okay . Okay , at the end , I'll be going through this actually with you , showing you how to actually do yours with the crackdown , That stuff . But right , you just got there , apply multiple strips of tape until the dressing is secure . Okay ? I put the tape on the Gods . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash . Yeah , I die out . Well , the extra paper . Should I hang on to the Vaseline ? You can throw it away . I'm throwing out the vessel . No . All of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation . 