please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Thank you . Okay , grabbing a paper towel spraying down the counter with some kind of disinfectant , wiping it up . You're only in a way . Walk your hands with soap and water . Okay , Right now , turn on the hot water , getting some self washing my hands , turning off the hot water , grabbing a paper towel , drying my hands , throwing it away . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . Okay , I'm taking my bag of supplies , putting them where I just cleaned on the counter and opening up the bag , remove the gauze covering your fake wound . Okay , gently going to remove the gods from my wound , being careful not to touch it . Yeah . Should I throw out my gas place the goes in the trashcan located next to the sink . Okay , I'm going to throw my guys in the garbage , gently wash the fake wound with soap and water . Okay , right now going to get some soap , turn on the hot water , get my hands doping , rub the wound . How would you like me to rinse that off ? Um just rinse it off with water . Okay , I'm going to rinse it off with water so unusable . Am I using a paper towel to dry it ? You will be using a gauze . Okay , use the gauze to dry in the next step . Okay . Great . Note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue remove the new gauze pad in the telephone , non stick dressing from the supply bag . Okay , I'm removing the gauze from the bag at the wood . Dry what the New Gods pad ? Okay , I am opening the Gods bag . Yeah . How big should I make the gauze ? Cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound . Okay , so right now I'm taking the scissors , cutting the gods to the size of the wound . I'm going to dr open it , put it on . Mhm . Oh could I tell fanatic dressing as is . Okay , so you were just cut as is Okay . Okay . Sorry , open the Vaseline came reaching in the bag , little pack of Vaseline and I'm opening it . Mhm . Yeah . Yeah . using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Okay , I'm going to use a thick layer . Do you cover the world ? Okay , just put a thick layer of Vaseline on the wound . Cover the wood , non stick dressing and secure the dressing with Okay , throwing out my guys stick putting my guys on my wound . Mhm . Using the tape to tape it down . Mhm . Yeah . 30 help , yep . Okay , and then I'll be gone . Stay with you showing you . How did you can't got messed up . But do I cut this ? The question of my multiple strips of tape addressing is secure . Okay . Hopefully money comes out better than this . Okay . I put the tape on the gods . Mhm . Throw away the supply bag in any travel . Okay . I am growing out all the extra paper . Should I hang on to the Vaseline ? You can throw it away . Okay . I'm throwing out the Vaseline . All of the steps are complete you for your participation . I'm called . Yeah . Okay . Sorry . I might mess it up a few times . No , no , this is perfect . That's all we need . I'm gonna go ahead and turn that recording off from the watch really quick . 