please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Mhm . Yeah . And then just talk out loud so you can say I'm spraying and wiping down the counter . I'm spraying and wiping down the counter , wash your hands with soap and water . I'm washing my hands with soap and water . Mhm . Mhm . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . Mhm placing bag on the counter . Mhm remove the gauze covering your fake I don't understand . Right . Yeah . Okay so you'll take the white bandage off of your fake wounds . Is what ? Good Lord I don't like tape ah I'm taking the tape off actually the glaus is with it . That's a that's no problem . Gently wash the fake wound with soap and water . Oh yeah you could pitch that in there . Okay I gotta wash again . I'm washing my wound with soap and water . Mhm . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue remove the new gauze pad and the telephone non stick dressing from the supply bag . I removed it from the bag . Pat the wood dry with the new God's Path . Don't understand you . Okay . Okay . Pat the wood dry with the new God's Path . I don't understand what's insane . So you wash this is still wet . I want you to pat it dry with what ? My God patty dry now mm . This cut the tail fin nonstick dressing . Yeah . Oh removed the tell thad pad from the bag opening now . Mhm . Okay I removed it but the tail fin non stick dressing did you say ? Cut it ? Cut the tail monastic dressing . And you can now ask how big do I pay ? How big do I cut it ? Cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound . Oh yeah . Okay . I'm cutting now . It is a big pair of scissors . Yeah . Okay I got it . Cut open the Vaseline . I'm opening the Vaseline using too cute old spread ethnic layer of Vaseline onto the wound , putting gasoline on the wounds . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing and secure the dressing with . Mhm . Yes . This piece is too big . I'm going to cut it . Yes , placing on the womb , putting tape over the gods . We're done with that . Please throw away to supply back at any trash . I didn't use the Vaseline . That's okay . So so now that you said you've covered the wound , You can take your head . Yeah , you can take that hand , yep . And so it'll please throw away the supply back in Indy track . Right and shit in the truck . I didn't use these Q tips . What do you do with those ? You can have them if you want them . Well I is that what you put this stuff Vaseline on with ? That might be better than the future ? Am I Is she here and whoever ? Yes . Yeah I shouldn't be talking . No you're fine . No . Yeah you can talk out loud . Absolutely no problem . So they when they have you put the Vaseline on they have you um put the Q tip in the Vaseline packet . Get some Vaseline . That's kind of how they have . You do . All right all all of the steps are complete . Right click . 