please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Yeah . Yeah . So and a paper town and I'm spring the counter off and why forgot to marry . Okay , wash your hands with soap and water , washing my hands with soap to walk . Yeah . Okay . Okay . Mhm . Yeah , trying the law . The supply and paper town . All right . Okay . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . Did that take the towel and trash bag out of the supply bag and set them nearby ? Yeah . Yeah . Mhm . I don't , Yeah , this is hello . Okay . At this point you would enter the shower , please remove the gaza and act out gentle washing of the pretend wound with soap and water . What about a shower ? At this point you would enter the shower , please remove the gaza and act out gentle washing of the pretend wound with soap and water you want because and washing Using one of these tales . What the wound was . Open water . Yeah , don't really do it correct , which that hurts . Okay , I've done that . Dry the wound in your body with a towel . Uh huh . Pat the wound dry with the gauze . Okay , added mate , added the wound with the guys , cut the non stick dressing , then open the Vaseline beginning of that . Cut the non stick dressing , then open the Vaseline . Cut the non stick dressing . Oh it's this the non stick dressing is in a rectangular package with the word tell fa written on it . Open it got it . Okay . Cut the non stick dressing then open the Vaseline . Yeah . Yeah . Okay . I open the Vaseline and opened up the Using two Q tips , spread a thickly or a Vaseline onto the wound . Actually do that . Got the few tips . Think a layer of Vaseline under the wound . Just supposed to use two of them , correct , correct . Um I believe it's ticket a thicker layer . If you hold them together and putting even more Vaseline on with the second you get . Okay , that's done . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing , insecure the dressing with tape . Happy , can you point me in the back ? Is there any in that bag ? Right there . Okay . Yeah , there is your tape . They're supposed to cut this . It said captain dressing . So I'm supposed to cut this to approximately the same size . Cut the dressing to a size a little bit bigger than the size of the wound , cutting the dressing to a size a little bit bigger than the wood . Yeah , sticking it on . Taking the covering on the wound and now I'm going to take over top of that feeling . Back off the tape . It probably should have cut the tape a little bit shorter and I'm applying the tape over the bandage . Although all of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation . 