please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Yeah . Mhm . Mhm . I'm so sorry for me . 1 2nd . I Okay . Yeah . Yeah . This is gonna be your include on you . I'm not trying to be your skin . Is that the cough And I am going to put this cause on you that you can take off . I just pretended to wash it with this . Yeah . Uh huh . Okay . Mm . Uh huh . Okay . Uh huh . Yeah . What ? Oh Oh , thank you . Yeah . Yeah . Okay . I'm gonna ask you to do it again if that's okay . So of course , please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Yeah . And also please say out loud what you're doing this ? Well , I'm staying the counter , I'm wiping it with a paper towel , wash your hands with soap and water . I'm washing my hands with soap and water . Uh huh . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . I'm placing the bag of supplies on the clean counter . Yeah , remove the gauze covering your fake wound . I'm removing the gas covering and my fake wound , gently wash the fake wound with soap and water . I'm gently washing the fake wound with soap and water . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue remove the new gauze pad and the tell . Finn non stick dressing from the supply bag and removing the supplies dressing and the cow from the dead pat the wound dry with the new gauze pad . I'm patting the wound dry with the new girls pad . Cut the tail fin non stick dressing and cutting the towel with the non stick dressing . Right ? Mhm . It's having the towel with the non stick dressing , open the Vaseline . I'm opening the mass line . Yeah . Yeah . Using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Vaseline onto the wounds with Q tips and putting a thick layer of Vaseline on the wound . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing and secure the dressing with tape . I'm securing the nonstick cars with the dressing and with tape . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash I'm throwing with supply bag in the trash . Okay ? All of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation . 