please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Right ? The outlaws ? I'm spraying . I'm waking the counter down . The trash can is built into the counter and I'm throwing a paper towel away now . Perfect wash your hands with soap and water , washing my hands it's open water . Please use a clean paper towel to dry your hands . I'm using a clean paper towel to dry my hands . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . Place the bag with my supplies and they're on the plane counter , remove the gods covering your fake wound removing because for my face for my wound , remove the gauze covering your fake wound . So , yep . So you'll take the white bandage off of your , You can use the mirror to if you need to . I need mm I know most people don't like what I need to see . No problems . Okay . I have removed the vantage from , place the goes in the trash can located next to the sink . Okay , Don't I threw it in the trash can Changli wash the fake wound with soap and water . I am washing my wound with soap and water . Right . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue remove the new gauze pad and the tell Finn non stick dressing from the supply bag . Pat the wound dry with a new gauze pad now . Right , right , trying it cause pad , please remove visible drops of water , drops of water . I cut the tail fin non stick dressing . Cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound and now cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound . I am doing that . Now bring my wound open the Vaseline , opening the Vaseline Using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Vaseline onto the wound running on Vaseline on my wound , spread a quarter inch layer of Vaseline like you icing a cake . Okay , doing that . Now , cover the wound with the non stick dressing and secure the dressing with tape . Use as many strips of tape as you need to secure the dressing . I am putting on my bad and then I will put my tape on there to tape it on . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash . I am throwing it into the trash . Now , all of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation . Right , okay . Oh , my clipboard . And you're quick . A little something . A pen . Probably a little black thing . I will grab that guy here , click here . 