seems a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter right here . Oh I've got a paper talent and I'm spraying and white . Forget to Near eight . Okay , wash your hands with soap and water . Okay . Yeah I'm washing my hands with soap and water . Mhm . Yeah . Mhm . Mhm . And drying them off . But the supply of paper count . Mhm . Okay . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . I did that take the towel and trash bag out of the supply said that yeah . Yeah . Okay I'm taking the trash bag out , opening it up I think in the towel out . Okay this point you would shower please remove the gaza . An act of gentle washing of the pretend wound with soap and water . What was that about a shower ? At this point you would enter the shower please as an act of gentle washing of the pretend wound with soap and water . Okay so I remove them . Does just tilt up . I am removing the gauze and wishing Mhm . Using one of these tales pushing well with soap and water . Yeah . Because don't really correct hopes that hurts . Mhm . Mhm . Okay . I've done that . All right . Your body the towel . Yeah . Mhm . Hold on at the would drive with the gas with the gun . Okay . Yeah . The wounded . I patted my yeah , patted the wound with the guys non stick dressing . Then open gasoline the beginning of the cut the nuts and dressing . Then open the Vaseline . Cut . Cut the non stick dressing on . Oh that's it's This stick dressing is in a rectangular package with the word tell fund written about it to open it . They cut it outside . Cut it because now take her open the Vaseline . Yeah . Mhm . Okay . Opening the Vaseline here . Okay . I've opened the Vaseline and opened up the Defla Bandage . Using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Vaseline on . Actually do that . Okay , I've got the Q tips and wiping a layer of fast lane onto the wound . Sometimes just dipped it back in . I'm supposed to use two of them . Is that correct , correct ? What's the second one for ? I believe it's sticker your layer them together . Okay . I'm putting even more Vaseline on with the second to tip . Okay , that's done . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing , insecure the dressing . I don't have tapes . Were you pointing in the bank ? Right , okay . Now am I supposed to cut this ? It said cut the dressing . So am I supposed to cut this to approximately the same size but the dressing to a size a little bit bigger than the size of the wound . Okay , I'm cutting the dressing to a size a little bit bigger than the wound . Now , I'm sticking it on , sticking the covering on the wound and now I'm applying the tape over top of that . Yeah , feeling the back off the tape . Think I probably should have cut the tape a little bit shorter . Mhm . And I'm applying the tape over the bandage . Hold on . All of the steps are complete for your participation . You're welcome and stuff , Sorry . 