please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . Mission . Go back again . There's a garbage can that circle over there , wash your hands with soap and water that's got distance . So sorry , I am not washing my hands with soap and water after I clean the countertop . Mhm . Right . Mhm mm . I'm now finished washing my hands bag of supplies on the clean there and putting the bag of supplies on the counter , take the trash bag out of the supply bag and set it nearby . I'm taking the trash bag out of the supply bag and setting it next to me . Yeah . Okay , remove the gaza in , gently wash the wound with soap and water . Okay , I'm finding the gauze and gonna wash the wound with soap and water , which so give me to use this one or this one the he becomes just the hand washing soap . Yeah , I'm washing the wound with soap and water jimmy used , wash over top of this . God . So that's the guards that you'll Okay , I'm removing the gauze and now I'm washing the wound with soap and water . Yeah . Okay . I'm done washing the wound . Great . At home . You will wash the shower . That's okay , guys , have mm I'm patting it dry with a new gauze pad . I'm finished cut the non stick dressing . Cut the non stick dressing . Got me too . Which one of these ? See all here we are . Mhm . I'm opening up the non stick dressing . Mhm . I'm going to cut the non stick dressing . Okay . Okay , I'm done cutting the non stick dressing open the Vaseline . I'm opening up the Vaseline . It's opened Using two Q tips , spread a thick ladera . Okay , I now have two Q tips and I'm going to spread a nice thick layer of Vaseline onto the non stick dressing . Okay , I'm done putting the Vaseline on , cover the wound non stick dressing and secure the dressing with tape , covering the wound with the non stick dressing . And then I will secure . Yeah . Mhm . Mhm . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . And securing the non stick dressing with tape . I'm all finished with that . All of the steps are complete for your participation . Okay . So stop the recording , explain a bit more so just making sure your watch . 