please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter and you can pretend there's a spray bottle . Just say outlaws . I'm cleaning . I'm spraying . I'm now waiting the counter down trash can is built into the counter that I'm throwing the paper towel away now . Perfect . Walk your hands with soap and water . Okay , I'm washing my hands with soap and water . Is it paper towels ? A dryer . Okay . I'm using a clean paper towel to dry my hands . Place the bag of supplies on the clean counter . Okay ? I placed the bag with my supplies in there on the clean counter , remove the gauze , covering your faith . I am removing the gauze for my face . For my wound , remove the gas , covering your face . Okay , so you'll take the white bandage off of your , you can use the mirror to fi I need to , I know most people don't like what ? Okay . I have removed the vantage from my wound goes in the trash can located next to the sink . Okay . I done I threw it in the trash can gently wash the fake wound with soap and water . Okay , I'm washing my wound with soap and water . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's get remove the new gauze pad in the telephone , non stick dressing from the supply bag . Past the wood dry weapon was bad . Okay , I'm now waiting it off and drying it with the guys pad . Please remove visible drops of water . Okay , I'm removing the drops of water off of my wound , hurry cut the tail fin nonstick dressing . Cut the dressing to a size that Okay , I'm putting that on now . What do you Nine cut the dressing to a size that will cover the Mhm . Okay , I'm doing that now , covering my wound . Open the Vaseline . I'm opening the Vaseline Using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Vaseline onto the wound . Okay I'm spreading on Vaseline on my wound a thick some quarter inch layer of Vaseline like you Or I sing a Okay I'm doing that now . Cover the wound non stick dressing and secure the dressing with the tape . Use as many strips of tape as you need to secure the dressing . Okay , I'm putting on my bad and then I will put my tape on there to tape it on . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash . Okay , I'm throwing it into the trash now . All of the steps are complete for your participation . Yeah . Let's see what yeah , I just told them like this . Right ? Alright , slightly . Mhm . Oh my clipboard . None of women fell on the floor right there , a little point or something like Oh a pen probably . Oh black thing . I will grab that guy . Here , click here , stop recording . 