please use a paper towel and spray bottle to clean the counter . What do I gotta do ? So you'll take the cleaner . Yeah . Mm . Stay out loud right here , yep . Just pretend just say out loud , I'm cleaning the counter and playing encounter and then you'll wipe it down and drying it off . Perfect . You will use the clean surface when you change your dressing . It is important that the surface is clean to keep your wound from getting dirty . The trash can is built into the counter , you know ? Uh huh . Wash your hands with soap and water Or just to stay out . I'm washing my hands and then just it's right , pretend like you're doing it . Yeah . Perfect . Yeah . Please use a clean paper towel to dry your hands . I was throwing it in the garbage , place the bag of supplies on the clean counter approval . So you pick that up Senate right here . Yeah . Say whatever you're doing . All right , David this stuff out of the bag , remove the gauze covering your fake wound . No . What ? What , wow ? Taking a look . The take off . That's the whole thing off . Oh yeah . Right . Place the goes in the trash can located next to the sink . Okay . Here I hope gently wash the fake wound with soap and water . No . Right , washing my face or my Oh , perfect , Wash your wound for 30 seconds . Great note that at home you will wash the wound in the shower . Let's continue . I gotta go next hour . It was seeing at home you'll probably get in the shower , remove the new gauze pad and the tell Finn non stick dressing from the supply bag . Pack the wound dry with a new gauze pad . Pack the wound dry with a new gauze pad . Oh , going off my head with , yeah , cut the tail fin nonstick dressing . Okay , I'm cutting a little piece of it . Just those are old . Cut the dressing to a size that will cover the wound . Open the Vaseline . Okay . Yeah , they're squirting here that I told . And then putting around using two Q tips , spread a thick layer of Vaseline onto the wound . Got it back Selena . Perfect . Cover the wound with the non stick dressing and secure the dressing with tape different feel . What ? Putting your hand wound around . Okay . Please throw away the supply bag in any trash , your first crying and throwing it all away . Okay . Really ? You want me to do it ? That's it . All of the steps are complete . Thank you for your participation or that . So that was see I told you . Okay . 